hello from China Telecom this is mafiosi
today will be a GoPro video showing you
a review of the costume
chaos Tonto this is the trainer version
ok so some people were saying hey can
you do a reveal of that thing yeah sure
but I wanted to something very different
ok today I'll be showing you the power
the devastating color of the trainers
version ok so basically you can see the
you can flex it ok it's flexible but not
super flexible you can go like that and
it'll bounce on the ground ok so you can
basically stab things a bit and it will
not see it you can still stab it ok so
right now here I have some we break up
Oh tiles and the blue ones are the
richer ones the red ones are the
stronger ones these require 25 pounds
these requires 30 to 35 pounds of force
to brick I test enough test amount of a
dumbbell ok so I put weight on it and
see what I can't do so let's just take a
weak one put it here maybe put two
bricks just to support it
there we go ok so we're gonna use the
edge to smash it like that ok
so let's give some force ready now there
we go ok so we did it it's hard because
yet we chopped the right spot so let's
try a red one if this is the this is
supposed to be a harder one there we go
ok so basically it takes up a lot of
accuracy testing to smash it right on
but if you actually get it right on a
spot it it does chop open the thing is
this thing hits the ground first before
I can't break the blade so it actually
hurt my hand doing that anyway let me
try to get the stuff up higher
there we go snap it okay so that was
pretty fun so no let's do something less
challenging okay so you can Chapra
pickable more it's like that to practice
your aim if you do not shop properly
lift this ash right on the center of the
restrictor boat I'll that will not shop
open so you really need to align it to
the centre line right here that's kind
of crazy
hey now let's try the knuckle go we'll
hit stuff with the knuckle reap rewards
okay the first one this one requires
about thirty pounds of force to break
it's a very easy one just for a warm-up
like that very easy blue one requires 90
pounds of force of brick so like that
very easy to know this is the harder one
bread requires 140 pounds of force to
break there we go and then 200 pounds of
force to break the black one the black
one okay there we go
very easy I don't know if it will work
there we go okay this thing requires
that 300 pounds to brick the brick now
the red one they're trying to use the
tip right here again the wrong spot okay
the problem is I keep hitting the wrong
spot there the hardest thing is accuracy
in this one not the power okay right
here let's try again no forget it okay
anyway so by testing this out okay we
actually tested the durability of the
plate
I'm not testing myself okay I can
actually break this thing but who cares
um the thing is you want to break things
to test the durability of the edge and
you can see hitting all the hard stuff
it's not going to do any damage to it
even the tip right here still very
strong after hitting a lot of stuff and
yeah and this little thingy here that
separates your finger it's not a good
idea when I was trying to hit what
happened was okay when I go like that
okay
downward the finger was kind of hitting
on this thing here this groove and it's
hurting my finger
I prefer it do not have that little
stick there so that I will have my full
grip and the power who will be much
better right now it's no good and I
don't like that okay that's my only
complaint right now okay so let's do
this there we go okay guys so think
you're watching hope you like this
review and this is the coaster chaos
Tondo trainer thank you for watching
remember to subscribe and like bye bye